c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\Prueba Nhibernate.exe.config
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\Prueba Nhibernate.exe
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\Prueba Nhibernate.pdb
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\obj\Debug\Prueba_Nhibernate.Form1.resources
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\obj\Debug\Prueba_Nhibernate.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\obj\Debug\Prueba Nhibernate.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\obj\Debug\Prueba Nhibernate.exe
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\obj\Debug\Prueba Nhibernate.pdb
c:\users\ramiro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Prueba Nhibernate\Prueba Nhibernate\bin\Debug\hibernate.cfg.xml
